about/index.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
language: en
description: What is Hangload?
check-out-video: Check out the video below to see how easy it is to get going.
read-faq: More questions? Read our FAQ below or <a class="blue" href="/contact">get in touch with us</a>!
copy1: |
    Hangload is a bag carrier for bicycles that can carry many different types of bags easily and safely, increasing freedom, flexibility and convenience. 

    It is not a container, like a bicycle basket or a bicycle bag, but more like an attachable side-rack. Hangload opens up many more possibilities as to the size, type and shape of bags that can be transported by bicycle. It can carry very large bags.

    A Hangload consists of 3 parts: A **unibody steel frame (1)** with banner, which is attached by **elasticated cords (2)** to the side of the bike rack to keep your bag at a safe distance from the bike’s chain, spokes, and pedals, and a **strong wooden toggle (3)**, to hang bags of various shapes and sizes.
copy2: |
    Our unique **toggle&cord** system is easy to use, has been tested thoroughly with heavy weights and is extremely robust and suitable for its purpose.

    The Hangload can be fitted onto either or both sides of a bicycle rack. It provides a lean and elegant alternative to pannier bike bags or bike baskets.
go-to-shop: Proceed to our shop
faq-title: Frequently asked questions
faq:
- id: what-is
  question: What is Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is a unique, new and inexpensive alternative for carrying bags and rucksacks on the bicycle. Bicycle baskets and bags are useful, but can restrict the type of bag or load that can be transported.

    Hangload is different: it provides a lean system to carry all types of bags of various shapes and sizes, or even [drink crates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPxS3nGMboY). Thanks to Hangload, any bag can be a bicycle bag.
- id: components-uncommon
  question: The Hangload components look uncommon, please explain?
  answer: |
    In developing the Hangload many elements, materials and components were tested. It was probably the inventor's experience with sailing knots and equipment that helped him develop the robust and adjustable toggle used together with the bungee cords, which fasten with a simple knotting procedure (easier than tying shoe laces). We call this system **toggle&cord**.

    These fitting means prove most effective, strong and easy to use. They provide an additional and useful function for securing the bags further that no other embodiments can match---the Ariana technique:

    <style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/177610351' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

    All of these components were invented by Darius Hajiani, you won't come across them anywhere else.
- id: who-creator
  question: Who's behind the Hangload?
  answer: |
    The Hangload system was invented by Darius Hajiani. He has English-Iranian background, lives in Berlin, and was looking for a better way to transport grocery bags by bicycle. After researching, experimenting with different materials, and testing extensively, he came up with the Hangload system.

    Invented and created in Berlin, Hangload was a finalist at the Innovation Price Berlin (Innovationpreis Berlin Brandenburg) and garnered media interest.  

    Hangload was invited to exhibit at the Velo Berlin generating much interest and requests from the public and bicycle shops in Berlin.
- id: which-shipping
  question: Do you ship to my country and how much does it cost?
  answer: |
    We ship worldwide with the exception of United States and Canada. At the moment we offer the following rates:

    - **Germany**: € 3.50
    - **EU**: € 10
    - **Worldwide**: € 20
- id: which-payment
  question: Which payment methods do you support?
  answer: |
    We support the most common credit cards, PayPal and SOFORT in our [online shop](/shop). If you want to pay in advance via bank transfer, just fill up our [order form](/shop/order-form) and we'll get right back to you with our bank details.
- id: how-attach
  question: How is the Hangload attached?
  answer: |
    The Hangload comes with a toggle and durable bungee cords. Attaching it to your bike takes under a minute and requires no tools or technical skills. Detailed printed descriptions are included in the package. Check out the video [above](#instructions-video) to see how a Hangload is installed in real-time, or check out this <a href="/imgs/pdf/instructions-en.pdf" target="_blank">PDF</a>.
- id: where-attach
  question: Where on a bicycle can I attach a Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is specifically designed to be attached to a bike’s rear rack or carrier.

    Do not mount it on the seat post carrier or the front rack.
- id: how-position
  question: How is the Hangload best positioned on a bike rack?
  answer: |
    The design of the Hangload makes it easy to move according to your needs, e.g. taller people would want to slide it a bit further back to avoid interfering with their pedalling.
- id: how-much-weight
  question: How much weight can a Hangload carry?
  answer: |
    Hangload is sturdy, whether using only one or one on each side it can carry up to the maximum weight that your fitted luggage-rack is designed to carry. This is usually 25-30kg max. Please check your rack carrying capacity.
- id: how-protect
  question: How can I protect my Hangload from getting stolen?
  answer: |
    Hangload is made of one closed steel frame with no bolts or screws attached. Just pass your bike lock or chain through the Hangload frame when locking your bike as shown below.

    <img class="fit" src="/imgs/hangload-locked-min.jpg" alt="Hangload locked">
- id: what-bags
  question: What type of bags can I use with a Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is ideal for carrying various bags and city-rucksacks in all shapes and sizes. It works best with bags with a soft handle.
- id: long-handles
  question: Can hangload work with bags that have straps but no handle?
  answer: |
    Mostly yes, check out this video for an example:

    <style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/108349418' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>
- id: which-materials
  question: Which materials are used?
  answer: |
    Hangload uses sustainable materials. The light and simple design ensures an efficient use of raw materials and energy consumption in the process. Tha materials used are:

    - **Frame**: 100% stainless steel with perbunan tubing
    - **Textile**: Oxford nylon tarp (80% nylon, 20% polyurethane)
    - **Attachments**: 2 Bungee cords (polypropylene) with rustproof cord clips
    - **Toggle**: Beech wood, 2 rustproof D rings, polyacryl webbing straps
---

Commit message:

add mention to the video

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
language: en
description: What is Hangload?
check-out-video: Check out the video below to see how easy it is to get going.
read-faq: More questions? Read our FAQ below or <a class="blue" href="/contact">get in touch with us</a>!
copy1: |
    Hangload is a bag carrier for bicycles that can carry many different types of bags easily and safely, increasing freedom, flexibility and convenience. 

    It is not a container, like a bicycle basket or a bicycle bag, but more like an attachable side-rack. Hangload opens up many more possibilities as to the size, type and shape of bags that can be transported by bicycle. It can carry very large bags.

    A Hangload consists of 3 parts: A **unibody steel frame (1)** with banner, which is attached by **elasticated cords (2)** to the side of the bike rack to keep your bag at a safe distance from the bike’s chain, spokes, and pedals, and a **strong wooden toggle (3)**, to hang bags of various shapes and sizes.
copy2: |
    Our unique **toggle&cord** system is easy to use, has been tested thoroughly with heavy weights and is extremely robust and suitable for its purpose (watch the video to see how easy it works).

    The Hangload can be fitted onto either or both sides of a bicycle rack. It provides a lean and elegant alternative to pannier bike bags or bike baskets.
go-to-shop: Proceed to our shop
faq-title: Frequently asked questions
faq:
- id: what-is
  question: What is Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is a unique, new and inexpensive alternative for carrying bags and rucksacks on the bicycle. Bicycle baskets and bags are useful, but can restrict the type of bag or load that can be transported.

    Hangload is different: it provides a lean system to carry all types of bags of various shapes and sizes, or even [drink crates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPxS3nGMboY). Thanks to Hangload, any bag can be a bicycle bag.
- id: components-uncommon
  question: The Hangload components look uncommon, please explain?
  answer: |
    In developing the Hangload many elements, materials and components were tested. It was probably the inventor's experience with sailing knots and equipment that helped him develop the robust and adjustable toggle used together with the bungee cords, which fasten with a simple knotting procedure (easier than tying shoe laces). We call this system **toggle&cord**.

    These fitting means prove most effective, strong and easy to use. They provide an additional and useful function for securing the bags further that no other embodiments can match---the Ariana technique:

    <style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/177610351' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

    All of these components were invented by Darius Hajiani, you won't come across them anywhere else.
- id: who-creator
  question: Who's behind the Hangload?
  answer: |
    The Hangload system was invented by Darius Hajiani. He has English-Iranian background, lives in Berlin, and was looking for a better way to transport grocery bags by bicycle. After researching, experimenting with different materials, and testing extensively, he came up with the Hangload system.

    Invented and created in Berlin, Hangload was a finalist at the Innovation Price Berlin (Innovationpreis Berlin Brandenburg) and garnered media interest.  

    Hangload was invited to exhibit at the Velo Berlin generating much interest and requests from the public and bicycle shops in Berlin.
- id: which-shipping
  question: Do you ship to my country and how much does it cost?
  answer: |
    We ship worldwide with the exception of United States and Canada. At the moment we offer the following rates:

    - **Germany**: € 3.50
    - **EU**: € 10
    - **Worldwide**: € 20
- id: which-payment
  question: Which payment methods do you support?
  answer: |
    We support the most common credit cards, PayPal and SOFORT in our [online shop](/shop). If you want to pay in advance via bank transfer, just fill up our [order form](/shop/order-form) and we'll get right back to you with our bank details.
- id: how-attach
  question: How is the Hangload attached?
  answer: |
    The Hangload comes with a toggle and durable bungee cords. Attaching it to your bike takes under a minute and requires no tools or technical skills. Detailed printed descriptions are included in the package. Check out the video [above](#instructions-video) to see how a Hangload is installed in real-time, or check out this <a href="/imgs/pdf/instructions-en.pdf" target="_blank">PDF</a>.
- id: where-attach
  question: Where on a bicycle can I attach a Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is specifically designed to be attached to a bike’s rear rack or carrier.

    Do not mount it on the seat post carrier or the front rack.
- id: how-position
  question: How is the Hangload best positioned on a bike rack?
  answer: |
    The design of the Hangload makes it easy to move according to your needs, e.g. taller people would want to slide it a bit further back to avoid interfering with their pedalling.
- id: how-much-weight
  question: How much weight can a Hangload carry?
  answer: |
    Hangload is sturdy, whether using only one or one on each side it can carry up to the maximum weight that your fitted luggage-rack is designed to carry. This is usually 25-30kg max. Please check your rack carrying capacity.
- id: how-protect
  question: How can I protect my Hangload from getting stolen?
  answer: |
    Hangload is made of one closed steel frame with no bolts or screws attached. Just pass your bike lock or chain through the Hangload frame when locking your bike as shown below.

    <img class="fit" src="/imgs/hangload-locked-min.jpg" alt="Hangload locked">
- id: what-bags
  question: What type of bags can I use with a Hangload?
  answer: |
    Hangload is ideal for carrying various bags and city-rucksacks in all shapes and sizes. It works best with bags with a soft handle.
- id: long-handles
  question: Can hangload work with bags that have straps but no handle?
  answer: |
    Mostly yes, check out this video for an example:

    <style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/108349418' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>
- id: which-materials
  question: Which materials are used?
  answer: |
    Hangload uses sustainable materials. The light and simple design ensures an efficient use of raw materials and energy consumption in the process. Tha materials used are:

    - **Frame**: 100% stainless steel with perbunan tubing
    - **Textile**: Oxford nylon tarp (80% nylon, 20% polyurethane)
    - **Attachments**: 2 Bungee cords (polypropylene) with rustproof cord clips
    - **Toggle**: Beech wood, 2 rustproof D rings, polyacryl webbing straps
---
